
Script that will update/install NodeJS, NodeRed, Modbus for external installations, AOA and SE IIot. It will also try to detect if the internet connection  requires proxy connection and use the value provided in the settings.  For NodeJS the  script will either use the version provided in settings or detect and install the  latest version.  If an existing NODEJS installation is installed and found it will  not update unless the latest version is newer or forced in settings.  The script  detects AOA and SE IIot installed in the default directories.  If either are  installed in different directory the script settings can be modified to where the  installation is installed.  If the script does not detect AOA, SE IIot, or an  external installation specified with DIR_EXT_NODEJS, it will install a clean  installation to the specified directory.  If backup setting  is enable it will create  backup of the current installation folder with date/time stamp.   All settings are  found at the top of the script and best if edited with a good text editor like  Notepad++.  The script requires to be run as administrator because any files modified  in the Program folder requires admin rights.   To run the script rename with  extension ".cmd" and right mouse click "Run as administrator. For SE IIot it will rename existing node_modules folder and after installation  make  a symbolic link to the correctly NodeJS installation.  This will fix SE IIot  installation and still make the "Schneider Node-RED Service" work.  For SE AOA make you manual close the AOA manager before running the script
